Add Dockerfile (#652)
SFDO-Tooling/MetaDeploy: docs/running_docker.rst

instead of locally, text editors that rely on locally-installed packages (e.g.
for code formatting/linting on save) need access to the running Docker
container. `VS Code`_ supports this using the `Remote Development`_ extension
pack.

Once you have the extension pack installed, when you open the MetaShare folder
in VS Code, you will be prompted to "Reopen in Container". Doing so will
effectively run ``docker-compose up`` and reload your window, now running inside
the Docker container. If you do not see the prompt, run the "Remote-Containers:
Open Folder in Container..." command from the VS Code Command Palette to start
the Docker container.

A number of project-specific VS Code extensions will be automatically installed
for you within the Docker container. See `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json
<.devcontainer/devcontainer.json>`_ and `.devcontainer/docker-compose.dev.yml
<.devcontainer/docker-compose.dev.yml>`_ for Docker-specific VS Code settings.

The first build will take a number of minutes, but subsequent builds will be
significantly faster.

Similarly to the behavior of ``docker-compose up``, VS Code automatically runs

> database migrations and starts the development server/watcher. To run any local commands, 

Reviewer: > VS Code automatically runs
database migrations and starts the development server/watcher

@jofsky This is not happening. The "sleep infinity" `command` in .devcontainer/docker-compose.dev.yml is overriding the command from the main docker-compose.yml so start_server.sh does not run.

========================
Docker Development Setup
========================

Cloning the project
-------------------

::

    git clone git@github.com:SFDO-Tooling/MetaDeploy
    cd MetaDeploy

Docker and Docker-Compose Installation
--------------------------------------

> To download and install docker please visit: https://hub.docker.com/?overlay=onboarding 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download and install Docker please visit: https://hub.docker.com/?overlay=onboarding 
```

> and follow the installation instructions to download docker if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and follow the installation instructions to download Docker if needed.
```

> To verify you have successfully installed docker type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify you have successfully installed Docker type:
```

::
    
    docker -v

*You should see something like the following:*
    ``Docker version 19.03.4, build 9013bf5``

To download and install docker-compose please visit: https://docs.docker.com/v17.09/compose/install/
and follow the installation instructions to download docker-compose if needed.
To verify you have successfully installed docker-compose type:

::

    docker-compose -v

*You should see something like the following:*
    ``docker-compose version 1.16.1, build 6d1ac219``

Running MetaDeploy In Docker
============================

Below are the following steps necessary to run MetaDeploy on Docker:

1. `.env File Creation and Variable Declaration`_
    __ `.env File Creation and Variable Declaration`

2. `Building Your Docker Containers`_ 
    __ `Building Your Docker Containers`

3. `Running Your Docker Containers`_
    __ `Running Your Docker Containers`

.env File Creation And Variable Declaration
-------------------------------------------

> *Please begin by making a copy of env.example and renaming it .env in your root project directory*

Reviewer: It looks like you have the example for docker in .env.docker.example rather than env.example

Author: Was done intentionally @davisagli since local setup is a different format for env file

Reviewer: @jofsky yes, I understand. My point is that these docs say env.example where they should say .env.docker.example

Local Variables
---------------

POSTGRES_USER: 
    Environment variable set in the docker-compose.yml file under the postgres service, 
    represents database user. This value has already been configured for you, but 
    you can reconfigure it.

POSTGRES_PASSWORD: 
    Environment variable set in the docker-compose.yml file under the postgres service,

>     represents database password.This database is configured with no password for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    represents database password. This database is configured with no password for 
```

    development purposes so leave as is unless changing for production purposes.

POSTGRES_DB:
    Environment variable set in the docker-compose.yml file under the postgres service,
    represents database. This variable has already been set to the proper 
    value `metadeploy` for the user.

> MetaDeploy needs a connection to the GitHub API to fetch repositories and create releases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MetaDeploy needs a connection to the GitHub API to fetch repositories for installation. 
```

This can be set up using a personal GitHub account by setting GITHUB_USERNAME and GITHUB_PASSWORD, 

> or using a GitHub App by setting GITHUB_APP_ID and GITHUB_APP_KEY.

Reviewer: Unlike MetaCI, MetaDeploy currently _only_ supports configuring the connection to GitHub using a GITHUB_TOKEN. The following are all unused and should not be included here: GITHUB_USERNAME, GITHUB_PASSWORD, GITHUB_APP_ID, GITHUB_APP_KEY

GITHUB_TOKEN:

>     This represents the users github personal access token. If you need to 

Author: Not sure what you mean by this @jstvz

>     This represents the users github personal access token. If you need to 

Reviewer 2: Another way to say permisisons. See https://developer.github.com/apps/building-oauth-apps/understanding-scopes-for-oauth-apps/

>     This represents the users github personal access token. If you need to 

Author: Truthfully Im not very knowledgable on this.

>     This represents the users github personal access token. If you need to 

Author: After reading I'm not sure its necessary we just need them to have the proper keys no?

>     This represents the users github personal access token. If you need to 

Reviewer: Yes, need a personal access token with the `repo` scope.

    generate a personal access token please visit the following: 
    https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line

CONNECTED_APP_CLIENT_ID:
    This represents the client id of the connected app that MetaDeploy will use for authenticating to any persistent org. 

>     It's fine to use the same connected app that is being used for SFDX_CLIENT_ID and SFDX_HUB_KEY.

Reviewer: MetaDeploy doesn't need SFDX_CLIENT_ID and SFDX_HUB_KEY

CONNECTED_APP_CLIENT_SECRET: 

>     This represents the secret of the packaging org configured for MetaDeploy

Reviewer: No, it's the consumer secret of the same connected app that's identified by CONNECTED_APP_CLIENT_ID. Nothing to do with a packaging org.

CONNECTED_APP_CALLBACK_URL:

>     This represents the packaging org's callback url 

Reviewer: No, it's the callback URL for the same connected app that's identified by CONNECTED_APP_CLIENT_ID. Nothing to do with a packaging org.

To acquire the connected_app variables just use the client id, client secret and callback url 

> of the connected app that was created for ``SFDX_CLIENT_ID`` and ``SFDX_HUB_KEY``.

Reviewer: MetaDeploy doesn't need SFDX_CLIENT_ID and SFDX_HUB_KEY

Production Variables
--------------------

BUCKETEER_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
    definition here
BUCKETEER_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
    definition here
BUCKETEER_BUCKET_NAME

>     definition here

Reviewer: MetaDeploy does not currently store anything in S3, so the bucketeer variables do not need to be mentioned.

Other Variables 
---------------

*Some variables in this section are preset; the description will state where it is declared.*

DJANGO_SECRET_KEY: 
    This represents the secret key for the django web application and is used to sign session cookies;, 

>     arbritary strings such as the one given in the env.example are used. Important this variable is 

Reviewer: It looks like you have the example for docker in .env.docker.example rather than env.example

    not copied from another Django site.
DB_ENCRYPTION_KEY:
    This key is used as an encryption key for database use. 
    Generate a value using cryptography.fernet.Fernet.generate_key()
BUILD_ENV: 
    Docker argument variable used to determine what dependencies and scripts to run when 
    installing dependencies and populating databases, currently set in docker-compose.yml

>     web service ARG variable section.

Reviewer: What are the supported values for BUILD_ENV?

NODE_VERSION: 
    Environment variable used to set node version for download, this variable is set in the Dockerfile

YARN_VERSION: 
    Environment variable used to set yarn version for download, this variable is set in the Dockerfile

PYTHONUNBUFFERED: 
    Environment variable set in Dockerfile used to not write .pyc files to Docker container
       
DATABASE_URL:
    Environment variable set in Dockerfile. Represents the full path of database url.

REDIS_URL: 
    This represents the url to the location where the redis server, configured for Meta CI. Set in Dockerfile.

DJANGO_HASHID_SALT: 
    This represents the hashid salt for the django application, currently set to 
    arbritary string due to non production defaults, can be overridden 
    in docker-compose.yml. Currently set in Dockerfile.

> DJANGO_SECRET_KEY: 

Reviewer: You have this one in here twice.

Author: removed the other one

    This represents the key for the django web application, currently set to arbritary
    string due to non production defaults, can be overridden in docker-compose.yml.
    Currently set in Dockerfile. For local testing, arbritary strings such as the one given 

>     in the env.example will suffice. Otherwise use your production secret key.

Reviewer: It looks like you have the example for docker in .env.docker.example rather than env.example

    
DJANGO_DEBUG:
    This represents the value needed for django development debugging. 
    Please set this to true. Production may want to have this disabled.

SECURE_SSL_REDIRECT:
    This variable is for Security! Better to use DNS for this task, 
    but you can use redirect. Please set this variable to false.

ADMIN_API_ALLOWED_SUBNETS:
    This is a value to signify what subnets are allowed access to the admin view.
    For development purposes this value was set to 0.0.0.0/0

Building Your Docker Containers
-------------------------------

> This next section assumes you have downloaded ``docker`` and ``docker-compose``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This next section assumes you have installed ``docker`` and ``docker-compose``.
```

Additionally it assumes you have a ``.env`` file in the root directory of this 

> project, a template of variables needed can be found under ``env.example``.

Reviewer: It looks like you have the example for docker in .env.docker.example rather than env.example

Or you could directly run a command like this:
::
    
    docker-compose exec web python manage.py makemigrations

Docker development using VS Code
--------------------------------

Because front-end and back-end dependencies are installed in a Docker container
instead of locally, text editors that rely on locally-installed packages (e.g.
for code formatting/linting on save) need access to the running Docker
container. `VS Code`_ supports this using the `Remote Development`_ extension
pack.

Once you have the extension pack installed, when you open the MetaShare folder
in VS Code, you will be prompted to "Reopen in Container". Doing so will
effectively run ``docker-compose up`` and reload your window, now running inside
the Docker container. If you do not see the prompt, run the "Remote-Containers:
Open Folder in Container..." command from the VS Code Command Palette to start
the Docker container.

A number of project-specific VS Code extensions will be automatically installed
for you within the Docker container. See `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json
<.devcontainer/devcontainer.json>`_ and `.devcontainer/docker-compose.dev.yml

> <.devcontainer/docker-compose.dev.yml>`_ for Docker-specific VS Code settings.

Reviewer: I don't see these files. Need to either set up the VS Code stuff or remove this section.
